[instrumental music]
So nice!
No early Rhyhorn Race
practice for me
and no Fletchling waking me up.
Such a relaxing way to
start the day.
[grunting]
[laughing]
Fennekin, did you get enough?
[HAPPY]
I did too.
Okay.
[CURIOUS]
Thank you for everything.
Let's go!
Santalune City is really close.
'Just a little bit further and
I'll finally get to see him.'
FENNEKIN
[EXCITED]
NARRATOR Our heroes have
arrived in Santalune City
and soon Ash
will be challenging
his first Gym in
the Kalos region.
Yeah! Santalune Gym,
you'd better look out.
I'm going to get my
first Kalos badge from you.
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
Come on, guys,
can't you slow down a little?
[screams]
‐ Huh!
‐ Hey, Clemont, hurry up!
One thing, and I think
it's kind of important.
Do you have any idea where the
Santalune Gym might be located?
‐ No clue! Of course I don't!
‐ Huh!
[WORRIED]
I figure stuff out best
when I run.
Keep moving ahead
and you can't go wrong.
That's the way we roll.
[PLEASED]
Huh?
[CURIOUS]
Thanks so much
for the great pic.
The two of you seem to have
the makings of a great team.
Hey, thanks.
Pikachu's my partner.
[HAPPY]
FYI, if you're going
to the Santalune Gym
make a right at that corner.
Yeah? Awesome.
Thanks a lot for the info.
I told you we can't go wrong.
Let's move, Pikachu.
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
‐ Ah! Ash, not so fast.
‐ Hey, wait up!
Thank you for your assistance.
[chuckles]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "A Blustery
Santalune Gym Battle."
Wow, we made it.
Now, if I remember
my facts correctly
the Santalune Gym leader
specializes in Bug‐type Pokémon.
I can't wait to go inside,
it's going to be fun.
DEDENNE
[EXCITED]
Hello in there!
'I want to challenge
you to a battle.'
[EXCITED]
[Ash screams]
[FRIENDLY]
It's Helioptile.
[SURPRISED]
ALEXA
'Welcome, Ash, Pikachu.'
‐ Huh!
It's nice to see you both again.
Hey, Alexa,
I didn't know you were here.
Uh‐huh. I finished up
my reporting
and thought you'd be here soon,
so I waited.
So, are these your new friends?
Yup. I met them in Lumiose City.
Hi, Alexa. My name's Bonnie,
and this is Dedenne.
[FRIENDLY]
‐ And this is my brother.
‐ I'm Clemont.
It's nice to meet you.
That's quite amazing.
You already knew the Gym Leader.
She's not the leader.
See, Alexa's actually
a Pokémon journalist.
That's right.
The Gym Leader's
my younger sister, Viola.
‐ Viola?
‐ 'That's me.'
Huh?
Nice to see you again.
Ah! You mean
you're Alexa's sister?
[SURPRISED]
Oh, so I take it you've already
met one another?
Right. At the fountain.
I took a picture
of Pikachu and Ash.
Alexa said you wanted to
challenge me while I was gone.
I still do. How about it?
Sure. Please, come inside.
Wow. You took all of these
pictures, Viola?
Uh‐huh. Although, these are just
a few of the pictures
I've taken.
She's got quite a talent
for photographing Bug types.
She even helps me out with
my reporting from time to time.
This is great work.
It really captures the love
you have for your subjects.
Sure does. You can see how much
you care about Bug types!
[AGREEMENT]
I know! Viola, you're a keeper!
I mean,
please take care of my brother.
[EXERTION]
Ah, we're a little bit confused.
PIKACHU
[CONFUSED]
Bonnie, I told you to
stop this a million times.
You know you need somebody to
take care of you.
I think Viola would make you
a nice wife.
A nice wife?
Ah! No, this is so embarrassing.
Activating Aipom Arm.
[gasps]
Would you please
just mind your own business?
I hope you'll think about it,
Viola?
‐ Uh..
‐ Such a unique little girl.
[door closes]
So, shall we, Ash?
‐ How about that battle?
‐ Great!
[EXCITED]
[chuckles]
He's gonna be so surprised
after all this time.
[chuckles]
I wonder how he'll react
when he sees me?
I can't wait to find out.
REFEREE 'The Gym Battle
between Ash, the challenger'
'and Viola, the Santalune
Gym Leader, will now begin.'
'Each side will have
the use of two Pokémon'
'and the battle will be over'
'when either Trainer's Pokémon
are unable to continue.'
'Only the challenger
may substitute Pokémon.'
My lens is always focused
on victory no matter what.
Surskit, go!
[APPEARING]/[READY]
A Surskit, huh?
POKEDEX Surskit,
the Pond Skater Pokémon.
'Surskit can walk on water
as if it was skating.'
'It attracts prey with the sweet
aroma it produces.'
My first Kalos Gym battle.
And I'm going to start it off
with Pikachu.
[FOCUSED]
Ash is using Pikachu!
That's because Pikachu's got
a big advantage over Surskit
who's a Bug and Water type.
Now, battle begin!
Pikachu, let's start this
with Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
Quick, Surskit, use Protect.
[PROTECT MOVE]
[PAINED]
Go around Surskit
and use Iron Tail.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Surskit, dodge it.
[DODGING]
[SURPRISED]
Focus, Pikachu.
Use Electro Ball
and stop Surskit.
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Surskit, use Ice Beam.
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
[explosion]
[gasp]
‐ My sister is very strong.
‐ Huh?
Defeating her is no easy task.
[PROUD]
This is where it begins.
Use Ice Beam on the field.
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
[WORRIED]/[DODGING]
[WORRIED]
BONNIE
'Whoa!
The battlefield's frozen.'
DEDENNE [WORRIED]
[STRUGGLING]
Pikachu, get up, quick.
Our ice battlefield
is picture‐perfect.
Surskit, let's go.
[EXERTION]
[WORRIED]
Hang in there.
Use Iron Tail.
[AGREEMENT]
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
Pull it together, Surskit,
and use Ice Beam.
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
Now, Pikachu, use Thunderbolt.
[STRUGGLING]/[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
Pikachu, no!
Yes! Now use your
picture‐perfect Signal Beam!
[SIGNAL BEAM MOVE]
[WORRIED]
[explosion]
Pikachu!
[all gasp]
[DAZED]
REFEREE
'Pikachu is unable to battle.'
'Surskit wins.'
[panting]
Pikachu.
You okay? Pikachu?
[WEAK]/[HAPPY]
You were great out there.
Thanks, buddy.
You trained Pikachu quite well
but it still has
a long way to go
before it can beat my Surskit.
I'll beat it now.
With this Pokémon.
Fletchling, let's go!
[APPEARING]/[READY]
Wow, Fletchling will be great.
It can attack from above
so the frozen ground
won't do a thing.
CLEMONT
'A Flying type like Fletchling'
'has an advantage
over Surskit too.'
Ah..
Ah.. Ah!
[thinking]
There he is. It's Ash!
[giggles]
‐ Can I help you?
‐ Ah!
I was kind of wondering
if it would be okay
if I watched them battle?
Of course, that would be just
fine. Welcome.
Why don't you join us over here?
‐ Yeah. It's getting real good.
‐ That's so nice of you. Thanks.
Okay, Fletchling,
Peck, let's go.
[PECK MOVE]
Quick, dodge it.
[DODGING]
Now, use Ice Beam.
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
ASH
'Dodge it!'
‐ Awesome!
‐ Yeah. Go for it, Fletchling!
‐ Surskit, Sticky Web, go.
‐ Fletchling, Double Team.
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
[STICKY WEB MOVE]
[DODGING]
It dodged everything.
Alright! Attack,
attack, attack, attack.
Now, Fletchling, use Razor Wind!
[RAZOR WIND MOVE]
[PANICKING]
[gasps]
[DAZED]
REFEREE
'Surskit is unable to battle.'
‐ 'Fletchling wins!'
‐ Alright!
[HAPPY]
‐ Alright.
Did you see how totally
awesome Ash battles?
Mm‐hmm, I sure did.
Now both sides
have one Pokémon left.
'Ash just might win this.'
Surskit, you were great.
You deserve a good rest.
Time to beat your other Pokémon
and get my hands
on my first Kalos Gym badge!
It's not going to be that easy.
My Gym Leader pride's
on the line.
Let's do this, Vivillon!
[APPEARING]/[CONFIDENT]
[gasps]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Vivillon!
POKEDEX
Vivillon. The Scale Pokémon.
'Vivillon are skillfully able
to find a source of water.'
'It has been said that
you'll find a spring'
'if you follow a Vivillon.'
Alright, Fletchling, Peck.
[PECK MOVE]
See, Flying‐type moves are super
effective against Vivillon.
[EXERTION]
Vivillon, use Psychic.
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
[PAINED]
Ah! What happened?
Since I made an ice battlefield
I want you to experience what
it's all about.
[PAINED]
Fletchling!
[all gasp]
Fletchling, you okay?
Can you still fly?
[STRUGGLING]
Alright! Use Gust.
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
‐ Fletchling!
‐ Aah!
‐ It's stuck in that Sticky Web.
‐ Oh, no!
Break free!
You can do it, Fletchling.
[STRUGGLING]
A picture‐perfect opportunity.
Vivillon, Solar Beam!
[SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
[Ash groans]
Oh, no, Fletchling!
[PAINED]
[Ash groans]
Fletchling!
[all gasp]
[DAZED]
Fletchling is unable to
battle.
Vivillon wins, which means the
victor is Viola, the Gym Leader!
[sighs]
‐ Thanks a lot, Vivillon.
‐ Fletchling!
Are you okay?
[WEAK]
Ash!
DEDENNE
[WORRIED]
We need to get them both
to the Pokémon Center.
I'm afraid that battle
put them through a lot.
[WEAK]
[PAINED]
[grunts]
I know I lost, but I'll come
back here stronger.
And when I do, I hope you'll
let me have a rematch.
I'll be looking forward to it.
Come back anytime.
[sighs]
Let's go.
[panting]
Huh?
Uh?
[sighs]
Hmm.
Hmm. Uh, is that..
ASH Nurse Joy,
please take care of my Pok mon.
WIGGLYTUFF
[EXERTION]
Don't worry, Ash.
They'll be all better
in no time.
[sighs]
ALEXA
'So that's the photo you took'
'when they were
on their way here?'
That's right.
‐ Isn't it a great shot?
‐ Excellent!
You can really pick up
the powerful bond
Ash and Pikachu
have with each other.
[AGREEMENT]
You're right,
although their battling
wasn't all that powerful.
Don't underestimate them.
I wouldn't be surprised
if things are quite different
the next time you battle him.
That's the kind
of Trainer Ash is.
I think I'm going out
for a little while.
[HAPPY]
But where are you going?
Huh?
BONNIE
'Here, eat up.'
[EATING]
[laughs]
Oh, Dedenne,
you're such a cutie pie.
It must've been really hungry.
[thinking]
Viola totally beat me.
Man, is she strong.
[STRUGGLING]
[PANICKING]
[PAINED]
[Ash grunts]
Uh!
Pikachu and Fletchling
weren't able
to show their
strengths at all.
If that's the way
it's going to be
I can't win, no matter
how many times I try.
What do I do?
‐ 'Ah..'
‐ Huh?
Excuse me.
‐ I think this is yours.
‐ Ah, huh?
Guess I forgot it.
Hey, thanks a lot.
Wow! You're that girl
from before.
Before?
She was standing with us
during your Gym battle.
My name's Bonnie,
and this is my big brother.
‐ I'm Clemont.
‐ And say hello to Dedenne.
[GREETING]
[chuckles]
Nice to meet you.
What do you know? Sorry.
I was so busy battling,
I didn't see you there.
Oh, that's okay.
‐ My name is Ash.
‐ Yeah, I know.
Serena is my name.
Do you remember? Huh!
‐ Huh!
Thank you for waiting.
Your Pikachu and Fletchling
are now fully recovered
and feeling fine.
[EXCITED]
[Ash giggles]
[HAPPY]
That's great.
‐ Thank you, Nurse Joy.
‐ It's my pleasure.
[HAPPY]
Fletchling and Pikachu,
this is Serena.
She was with Clemont
and Bonnie watching us battle.
[GREETING]
Hi, you two.
Nice to meet you.
Huh? I just realized something.
Nurse Joy, how did you get
to the Pokémon Center
from Route 4 without passing me?
Huh?
But is that the Nurse Joy
you met on Route 4?
Couldn't be!
I would think the Nurse Joy you
met on Route 4 was my cousin.
‐ Your cousin?
‐ I knew it.
NURSE JOY 'Here's a photo
of me and my cousins'
'during the Kalos region's
nursing workshop.'
Wow, it's the same in Kalos too.
Incredible!
Oh, right! I was hoping you'd
look at my Pokémon too.
[APPEARING]
[HAPPY]
Whoa. Never seen that Pokémon.
POKEDEX
Fennekin. The Fox Pokémon.
'Fennekin expels
hot air that can reach'
'nearly four hundred degrees.'
'It likes to snack on twigs. '
[Bonnie laughs]
I guess it's a Fire‐type
Pokémon, right?
‐ And it's so cute.
‐ Yeah.
I got it from
Professor Sycamore.
Professor Sycamore, huh?
CLEMONT
'You see, Fennekin
is one of three Pokémon'
'that new Trainers
may choose from.'
Therefore, I can deduce
that you're a new Trainer.
Right.
I just started my journey.
I'll be glad to
look at Fennekin.
Please wait right here while
I perform a thorough exam.
WIGGLYTUFF
[AGREEMENT]
Thank you, Nurse Joy.
ALEXA
'Ash?'
‐ Huh?
ASH
'Alexa.'
It looks like Pikachu
and Fletchling
are fully recovered.
Let me guess
you're going to
start training right away?
Of course I am.
You want to help me out?
[EXCITED]
You see,
Noivern can use Gust too.
Noivern, let's go!
[APPEARING]
[READY]
[EXERTION]
One of our
problems with Viola was
we couldn't get past
Vivillon's Gust.
So let's try to
keep our balance.
Pikachu, Fletchling, heads up.
[AGREEMENT]
Go ahead, Alexa.
Here it comes.
Noivern, use Gust!
[GUST MOVE]
[WORRIED]
Hang in there, Pikachu.
Be strong, Fletchling.
[STRUGGLING]
[gasp]
Pikachu, Fletchling!
[groans]
[sighs]
You okay?
[WORRIED]/[HAPPY]
I'm here for you two.
So don't worry
and concentrate on trainin'.
[AGREEMENT]
Have Noivern use Gust again,
please?
Alright, but get ready.
Noivern, use Gust!
[GUST MOVE]
[STRUGGLING]
[grunts]
[thinking] We've got to
be able to deal with Gust.
[STRUGGLING]
‐ You're both doing great.
‐ I know you can do it.
[ENCOURAGING]
[STRUGGLING]
[PANICKING]
[grunts]
‐ Oh!
‐ Oh, Ash! Oh, no.
[grunts]
[thinking] Vivillon's
Gust isn't the only thing
we have to deal with.
There's Surskit's Ice Beam
and Sticky Web too.
How are we going
to do it?
[SAD]
NARRATOR In the wake of
Pikachu and Fletchling's
defeat
at the hands of Viola's
Surskit and Vivillon
will Ash be able to come up
with a strategy to defeat
the Santalune
City Gym Leader
and win his first
Kalos region Gym badge?
SERENA
'Ash?'
‐ Here, use this.
‐ Huh?
‐ Great. Thanks.
‐ Hmm.
Hmm. Here we go.
Ash, do you remember me?
[theme music]